The Chinese officials wanted to derail the negotiations, according to the US
ambassador.

He knew she had testified against him.

He turned her in.

He could not recall whether she said yes or no.

She said either yes or no.

Either the CEO or the President responded by saying that there would be no
further negotiations.

Congress is expected to vote in favor of the bill. 

The President vetoed the bill.

Clearly the “health care” bill was not really about health. 

The bill has no grandfather clause.

The name “death tax” was a deft manipulation of public perception.

“Beverage engineers”, as they are called, go through a full month of training
and shadowing before they can interact directly with customers. 

Although scientists cringe at the moniker “management science”, it has become
the accepted name for the program in many business schools. 

David is a classic piece by Michelangelo that many feel comes close to
perfection. 

When complete, Michelangelo simply called the sculpture “David”.

Madeleine L’Engle’s “A wrinkle in time” is a story about young adventurers who
travel through space and time and encounter a perilous evil.

Madeleine L’Engle was really using the medium to comment on the communist
movement. 

Madeleine L’Engle was really using the medium to reflect on the communist
movement.

Madeleine L’Engle’s story is a commentary on the communist movement.

It was a story of danger and adventure.

It was a story about danger and adventure.

The game “Archibald’s Adventures” is an action puzzle game.

The game is called “Archibald’s Adventures”.

The so-called “human lizard” was sure to attract an audience.

She denied the statement.

He neither confirmed nor denied it.

John made his statement, then left.

John’s statement was brief.

John’s statement said it all.

It was not how she described it. 

According to John, he will try to secure a position as soon as possible.

He will try to hear her out. 

He tried to express his feelings, but could not find the words.

She is seeking a position on the new team.

Bananas are good, but it’s not like they’re fruit.

The Democrats will seek to introduce amendment before the hearing is over.

I’m not saying I don’t care.

Apparently Donald Trump never said Mexico would pay.

No such statement was made at the meeting.

The agreement did not indicate whether interest would continue to accrue.

The operating manual, which indicates no such hazards, was printed on tattered
loose-leaf paper.

The columnist, a member of the guild (which they confirmed today), will appear
before the Court tomorrow.

The man, 27 years old, who shouted “Kill them!”, said he didn’t intend to alarm
anyone.

